What are you looking at?
Your old woman
I'll wait for your good son to come.
Boss Scar is back this time, and there are four more.
Let him kneel down and beg for mercy
This is what happens when you offend me
Please spare my son
Please let me spare your son.
Yes, kneel down and beg me
Dead old woman
That's still as stupid as ever
I really thought you were on your knees begging me
Will I spare your son?
It's very high, after the boss is done packing
I will bring him over and torture him slowly
Unable to survive
I can't die
Haha, just waiting for your good son.
It turned out that you arrested Dr. Chen's mother
I'm not alive, what's your relationship with this kid?
That dog is my life saver
What insults him is my business
I suggest you grab and let go of the old lady
Otherwise, you're welcome.
What if I don't let it go?
Two guys walking around walking around